#summary How to setup project and running it.

= Introduction =
The ScimProxy and ScimCore are maven projects and some steps has to be done before running.


== Build from commandline ==
Download the code to a new directory:
{{{
$ svn checkout http://scimproxy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ scimproxy 
}}}
Go into the ScimCore directory:
{{{
$ cd scimproxy/ScimCore/
}}}
Generate XML beans:
{{{
$ mvn xmlbeans:xmlbeans
}}}
To install a JAR file in your local maven repro. It can then be used by other maven projects as a depencency:
{{{
$ mvn install
}}}
Go into the ScimProxy directory:
{{{
$ cd scimproxy/scimproxy/
}}}
Run server:
{{{
$ mvn compile test jetty:run
}}}
Browse to server at http://localhost:8080

== How to run from eclipse on Ubuntu ==
* Ubuntu 10.10 32bit
* Sun Java6 JDK
* sudo apt-get install maven2
* Subversion
* Eclipse Classic
	* m2e - http://download.eclipse.org/technology/m2e/milestones/1.0
	* subclipse - http://subclipse.tigris.org/update_1.6.x

Download all code to a new directory:
{{{
svn checkout https://scimproxy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ scimproxy --username <username>
}}}


*Import ScimCore project into Eclipse.*
Import -> Maven -> Existing Maven Project
Browse to <checkout location>/scimproxy/ScimCore

Let eclipse download everything that it needs.

Make sure that it uses java 1.6 instead of 1.5.

Right click on scimcore root object. "Run as" -> "Maven build". Change "Goals" to "clean install".

First time all dependencies will be downloaded to compile, build and package the jar.

Refresh project. All should be well.

*Import ScimProxy project into Eclipse.*
Import -> Maven -> Existing Maven Project
Browse to /Users/erwah/dev/scimproxy/scimproxy

Make sure that it uses java 1.6 instead of 1.5.

Right click on scimproxy root object. "Run as" -> "Maven build". Change "Goals" to "clean install jetty:run".

Point your browser to http://localhost:8080/

== How to debug in eclipse ==

 * Create a new "External Tools Configuration" -> Select "Program". Click the "New launch configuration" button.
{{{
Name: scimproxy remote debugger
Locations: /home/erwah/Desktop/apache-maven-3.0.3/bin/mvn
Working Directory: ${workspace_loc:/scimproxy}
Arguments: clean install jetty:run
}}}

 * Under the "Environment" tab.
{{{
Create new variable.
Name: MAVEN_OPTS
Value: -Xdebug -Xnoagent -Djava.compiler=NONE -Xrunjdwp:transport=dt_socket,address=5005,server=y,suspend=n
}}}

Run the external tool. Jetty will be started as usual.

 * Create a new "Debug Configurations..." -> Select "Remote Java Application" Click the "New launch configuration" button.
{{{
Name: scimproxy remote debugger
Port: 5005
}}}
Connect the remote debugger to jetty. Set a break point and run one of the CURL commands.Getting started with projects